<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: Calibri, sans-serif; font-size: 20px;">Welcome to Mimesis, where STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) learning is combined with theatre and performing arts techniques to make learning fun and creative, following the STEAM pedagogy.</span></strong></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;">Mimesis is an Erasmus+ project that aims to develop students&apos; scientific intuition while also enhancing their knowledge and communication skills. The project focuses on creating approaches and educational activities that incorporate theatrical and body movement techniques in STEAM learning (Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, and Mathematics), creating a fun and inclusive learning environment. With the guidance of theatre professionals, these activities aim to facilitate multidisciplinary learning alongside traditional teaching. Our educational proposals are designed for young people aged 8 to 12 years old and are designed to support teachers in conducting creative and inspiring activities in the classroom with minimal materials.</span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;"><strong><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><u>What can you expect from the Mimesis in English Repository?</u></span></strong></span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;">The Mimesis Resources provide a comprehensive set of content for science teachers to stimulate classroom discussions on science and society, enhancing STEM skills using theatre and performing arts techniques. The content is designed for students aged 8 to 12 years old.</span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;">The Mimesis Resources consists of five complementary toolkits, each providing specific teaching and supporting resources. These toolkits include:</span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;"><strong><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">Toolkit 1 - Guidance on playful techniques for addressing STEM education challenges</span></strong></span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;">This toolkit offers strategies and techniques to engage students playfully in STEM education. It emphasizes hands-on activities, experiments, and creative approaches to foster curiosity, exploration, problem-solving, and critical thinking. These techniques also develop 21st-century competencies such as collaboration, communication, and creativity.</span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;"><strong><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">Toolkit 2 - Theatre Cards for introducing performing arts in STEAM education</span></strong></span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;">This toolkit provides an overview of theatrical techniques used within the project and demonstrates their application in STEM activities. By incorporating performing arts, educators can enhance students&apos; learning experiences, promote engagement, and develop creativity, self-confidence, and communication skills.</span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;"><strong><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">Toolkit 3 - Mimesis Teacher Cards</span></strong></span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;">This toolkit concisely presents each Mimesis activity. It provides an overview of the Activity Sheets&apos; content, including STEM learning objectives and performing arts integration. These resources are valuable for teachers to create their learning sequences or draw inspiration for pedagogical proposals. It includes printable content and everything to ease the implementation of Mimesis in the classroom.</span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;"><strong><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">Toolkit 4 - Guidance for Effective Implementation of Mimesis in the Classroom</span></strong></span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;">This section offers advice from project experts on successfully integrating performing arts techniques into the classroom. It guides deploying Mimesis within schools or different learning contexts.</span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;"><strong><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">Toolkit 5 - Guidance on Script Development</span></strong></span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;">This toolkit offers advice on developing scripts based on Mimesis activities for incorporating performing arts techniques in the STEM classroom. It provides insights and recommendations on creating scripts that effectively integrate STEM learning with theatrical and body movement techniques. The guidance aims to support teachers in designing creative and inspiring activities that engage students and foster a fun and inclusive learning environment.</span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;"><strong>Toolkit 6 - Mimesis Video Tutorials</strong></span></p>
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: Calibri, sans-serif;">Learn more about the Mimesis project, with examples and additional knowledge, through our Tutorial Playlist available here: <a data-fr-linked="true" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkWoF9vy6_sxcXuJax9FDqWfQyYjTSLno&si=j_Uy0QcLAwdny7TY">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkWoF9vy6_sxcXuJax9FDqWfQyYjTSLno&amp;si=j_Uy0QcLAwdny7TY</a></span></p>
<p></p>
<hr>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
<p style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);font-size: 14.6667px;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><em>The content available on GitHub has been created by the Mimesis partners: Laboratoire d&rsquo;Aix-p&eacute;rimentation et de Bidouille (France), La Fabulerie (France), and Spaces Foundation for Arts &amp; Culture (Bulgaria). The</em></span><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><em>&nbsp;Mimesis project has been funded with the support of the European Commission through the Erasmus + Strategic Partnership Programme. Its content reflects the views only of the author, and the Commission cannot be held responsible for any use that may be made of the information contained therein.&nbsp;</em></span><em><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License, allowing unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided that appropriate credit is given to the original author(s) and the source, a link to the Creative Commons license is provided, and any changes made are indicated and shared alike.&nbsp;</span><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">The cover and illustrations were proposed by the Project Coordinator and supported by the Partners. Icons and illustrations were designed by contributors from&nbsp;</span><a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik" target="_blank" draggable="false" rel="noopener" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">Freepik</a></em><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><em>.</em></span></p>
<p></p>
